                     HTML FORM TEMPLATE
----------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <perl@DarrenDuncan.net>

CONTENTS

* Preface
* Manifest
* Keeping Up To Date
* Requirements
* Installation
* Support
* To Do
* Author

PREFACE

This distribution features the Perl 5 module named "HTML::FormTemplate".

All of my modules have complete POD inside of them, so please refer to that for a
description of the module itself.

This Read Me document concerns itself mainly with installation and support
issues, and also includes any "To Do" lists and the file manifest.

MANIFEST

ChangeLog
FormTemplate.pm
ReadMe

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  You should be able to find the
newest versions at my website, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net", on the page called
"Perl Libraries I Made" (name subject to change).  They can also be found on CPAN
under the author name of "DUNCAND".  

I am inclined to update the copies on my web site more often, but those
intermediate versions are more likely to have been tested less, and the modules
may be updated day by day without increasing the version numbers.  However, the
copies on CPAN are guaranteed to have unique version numbers when the module has
changed.

REQUIREMENTS

All of my modules require Perl 5.004 or newer, even though only some of them need
it, in the interest of consistency.  Modules in this distribution require modules 
in these following distributions:

Class-ParamParser-1.03.tar.gz
	- by Darren Duncan (DUNCAND)
	- Class::ParamParser 1.03 is required by:
		- HTML::FormTemplate (as a parent class; parses method arguments)

HTML-EasyTags-1.03.tar.gz
	- by Darren Duncan (DUNCAND)
	- HTML::EasyTags 1.03 is required by:
		- HTML::FormTemplate (as a parent class; makes html, parses ffs params)

MultiValuedHash-1.03.tar.gz
	- by Darren Duncan (DUNCAND)
	- CGI::MultiValuedHash 1.03 is required by:
		- HTML::FormTemplate (stores form field defin, stores/parses user input)

INSTALLATION

I haven't gotten around to doing makefiles, so you will have to install this the
old fashioned way, by copying.  The file "FormTemplate.pm" goes inside the "HTML"
folder which is in the "lib" folder that came with your Perl 5 distribution.  Or
alternately, put it anywhere you want, but you will need to have that location
added to your include path by your main program using something like this:

	use lib '/users/me/www_files/lib';

Any existing POD is embedded in the module itself, so you will have to look there
to see it, or run a POD extractor on it yourself, or look at the copy on CPAN
that is dutifully extracted and turned to HTML.

SUPPORT

Currently I don't have any support arranged with other people, lists, newsgroups,
or otherwise.  Feel free to ask me if you can't figure things out on your own, or
another person whom you know has used this.

TO DO

	* Completely redo the module in terms of design and structure; add a wealth 
	of new features; make existing features easier to use; better documentation, 
	leverage existing code as much as possible.  (Below are a few ideas.)
	* The redone module will be version 2.0, up from 1.0x.
	* Add a Make File to the distribution.
	* Add testing scripts.
	* Make more user friendly by allowing named arguments or form field 
	definition arguments to have case insensitive names; currently they're not.
	* Add field attribute readonly, allowing once-editable field data to share 
	screen space with still-editable field data.
	* Add field attribute to multiple-answer fields that make the validation 
	check if users chose the correct number of answers (eg: pick 3 checkboxes).
	* Add validation checking for selection fields to see that choices submitted 
	match selection of choices given.
	* Allow individual editing of internally stored field definitions, rather 
	than requiring that they are all defined at once.
	* Customize validation error messages so they give a better idea what about 
	the entry was inappropriate (eg: wrong number of selections).
	* Make a utility program that utilizes this module's abilities to let users 
	create form definitions for it with a web browser.

AUTHOR

Copyright (c) 1999-2001, Darren R. Duncan. All rights reserved. These modules are
free software; you can redistribute them and/or modify them under the same terms
as Perl itself.  However, I do request that their copyright information remains
attached to the files.  If you modify this module and redistribute a changed
version then please attach a note listing the modifications.

I am always interested in knowing how my work helps others, so if you put this
module to use in any of your own code then please send me the URL.  Also, if you
make modifications to the module because it doesn't work the way you need, please
send me a copy so that I can roll desirable changes into the main release.

Address comments, suggestions, and bug reports to perl@DarrenDuncan.net.

Share and Enjoy!
